# Spontaneous boundary-based spatial chunking for efficient memory in human navigation

## Software Requirements
### OS Requirements
+ Windows

## Setup Guide
### Data & Code
Download the data and code, and place them in the same directory.

## Instruction for running the code
### Data
#### node_indiv.mat
This file contains node sizes and spacing scales for each participant, obtained from the multi-sesssion experiment.
#### sample_data.mat
This file includes x, y coordinates of target coins and responses, along with subject ID, session number (1-7), coin order (1-8), and context ID (1-5) from the multi-session experiment.
#### neural_task_period_info
This folder contains task period information used for the fMRI session.

### Code
#### Behavioral analysis code
#### behav_code1_target_response_pattern_analysis.m
Performs pattern similarity across participants and generates Figure 1b.
#### behav_code2_target_response_pattern_analysis_across_errors.m
Performs pattern similarity analysis across errors and generates Figure 1c.
#### behav_code3_boundary_proximity_model.m
Applies boundary proximity model to data and generates Figure 1d.
#### behav_code4_autocorrelation.m
Conducts autocorrelation analysis and generates Figure 1e.
#### behav_code5_error_vector_map.m
Generates error vector maps and produces Figure 1f.
#### behav_code6_multi_node_model.m
Tests the best fitting multi-node model for each participant and generates Figure 1h.
#### behav_code7_chunking_index_analysis.m
Computes chunking indices and generates Figures 2 & 3d.
#### behav_code8_chunking_and_boundary_interaction.m
Analyzes chunking-boundary interactions and generates Figures 3b & 3c.


#### Neural code
We conducted basic univariate GLM analysis using regressors generated by the following code:
#### neural_code_generate_regressor_basic.m
Generates task period, motion, and keypress regressors.
#### neural_code_generate_regressor_node_on_off.m
Generates additional regressors for the analysis in Figures 4c & 4d.
